Chef web docs issue 2852 (#2872)
chef/chef-web-docs: _vendor/github.com/chef/chef-server/docs-chef-io/content/server/api_chef_server.md

### /association_requests

> Users may be invited to join organizations via the web user interface via the `POST` endpoint in the Chef Infra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users may be invited to join organizations through the `POST` endpoint in the Chef Infra
```

Reviewer: We need to make this change in the server repo.
